1. We are following a Microservice architecture to build our system. Each of the 
   microservices are loosely coupled and follow the SRP.
2. We are using an event driven architecture that uses event Sourcing pattern. This pattern will provide consistency for the transactional data and maintain full audit trails.

Lets follow the flow of the data.
FLOW
-----
1. The Incoming transaction streams into the DC service.
2. This service cleans up the data, filters the anomalies and produces the Collected Transaction.
3. This entity flows into DA service
4. Here, most of the customer details are abstracted away and only the relevant details are produced as AT.
5. The AbstractedTransaction entity then streams into FE, NS
   and RPR service
6. Let's take the FE service
7. This service uses the abstracted transaction to perform incremental
calculations and produce a FV.
8. The Offline scheduler consumes the Abstracted Transaction to schedule offline 
triggers at certain intervals.
9. These two entities move into the offline generator service, which contains our 
unsupervised ml models. On receiving the offline trigger, it will carry out the batch computations on the FV and produce the generated recommendation.
10. Similarly, the nearline generator receieves the NearlineTrigger entity along with
   the FeatureVector. Then the supervised models carry put their computation
   and produce their recommenation.
11. The recommendation from both the generator services stream into the compiler
service. This service assembles the recommendations and produces the Compiled
Recommendation.     
12. A part of this moves into the supervised trainer service, which trains its supervised ml models using this data.
   The other part below moves into the provider service.
13. This provider service formats the recommendation properly, gives it shape and
sends it to the client-ui who receives their credit card recommendatiom.
14. Now for every transaction, the customers are also accumulating reward points.
So to the left, we see that the AT moves into the reward point service where the reward 
points are allocated for every trnxn. Also, certain personalised product recommendations are also provided using the reward suggestion service.
This is also sent to the client ui.

Hence, this is a high level overview of how the data is flowing through the pipeline.
--     